feat(connectors): describe BPMN Errors (#1472)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk.md

---
id: connector-sdk
title: Connector SDK

> description: Send messages to RabbitMQ from your BPMN process using the RabbitMQ Connector. The Connector SDK allows you to develop custom Connectors using Java code.

Author: I think you mixed up something here with another PR? 🙂

> description: Send messages to RabbitMQ from your BPMN process using the RabbitMQ Connector. The Connector SDK allows you to develop custom Connectors using Java code.

Author: @christinaausley , I think you mixed up something here with another PR? 🙂

Author: ```suggestion
description: The Connector SDK allows you to develop custom Connectors using Java code. Focus on the logic of the Connector, test it locally, and reuse its runtime logic..
```
